Problem: (fix #64)Missing docs for nitro-enclave tmkms (#65)
crypto-com/chain-docs: docs/getting-started/advanced-tmkms-integration.md

# Advanced TMKMS Integration

- The default consensus engine available within the SDK is Tendermint Core. See [Tendermint notes on running in production](https://docs.tendermint.com/master/tendermint-core/running-in-production.html) and [notes on setting up a validator](https://docs.tendermint.com/master/nodes/validators.html#setting-up-a-validator)
- Validator block signing should be via [tmkms](https://github.com/iqlusioninc/tmkms)

## Setting up AWS Nitro Enclaves + Tendermint KMS for signing blocks
::: warning CAUTION
The setup isn't yet ready for production use: 
1) It is not yet audited
2) The [tmkms prototype fork](https://github.com/tomtau/tmkms/tree/feature/nitro-enclave) isn't meant to be maintained in the long term
:::

### Background
[TMKMS](https://github.com/iqlusioninc/tmkms), initially targeting Cosmos Validators, provide **High-availability**, **Double-signing prevention** and **Hardware security module**.

> Currently, TMKMS provides both **hardware signing** and **softsign**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, TMKMS provides both **hardware signing** and **softsign**.
 However, it is hard or impossible to plug your own [Hardware Security Modules(HSM)](https://github.com/iqlusioninc/tmkms#hardware-security-modules-recommended) to the major cloud providers when one wants to run it on the cloud for **hardware signing**. On the other hand, it is also insecure to use **softsign** as your generated signing key is actually in plain text on the machine.
```

> However, it is hard or impossible to plug your own [Hardware Security Modules(HSM)](https://github.com/iqlusioninc/tmkms#hardware-security-modules-recommended) to the major cloud providers when one want to run it on the cloud for **hardware signing**. On the other hand, it is also insecure to use **softsign** as your generated signing key is actually in plain text on the machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, TMKMS provides both **hardware signing** and **softsign**.
 However, it is hard or impossible to plug your own [Hardware Security Modules(HSM)](https://github.com/iqlusioninc/tmkms#hardware-security-modules-recommended) to the major cloud providers when one wants to run it on the cloud for **hardware signing**. On the other hand, it is also insecure to use **softsign** as your generated signing key is actually in plain text on the machine.
```
